AMP-90198 add max number of recommend items Profile API can return (#294)
amplitude/amplitude-dev-center: docs/analytics/apis/user-profile-api.md

    This feature is available in accounts with Amplitude Audiences.

>     There is a max number of recommended items that can be returned by API, default value is 50 and max value is 100. This can be changed on Amplitude Recommendation page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Amplitude recommends returning 50 items per request. The maximum allowable is 100 items. Update this value on the Amplitude Recommendation page.
```

@zc632995195 I'm unfamiliar with the Amplitude Recommendation page. Is this a settings page in the App, or something to do with the API?

Author: @markzegarelli It is under `Audiences -> Recommendations` tab. 

Normally people using Profile API likely already go to `Audiences` page to set up in various tab, thus I put the name here. --> Feel free to change it to whatever makes sense. Thanks

<img width="1498" alt="Screenshot 2024-04-11 at 10 05 00 AM" src="https://github.com/amplitude/amplitude-dev-center/assets/104098093/abe584e1-dd30-4d17-b7b2-68c20d864be7">

    This feature is available in accounts with Amplitude Audiences.

>     There is a max number of recommended items that can be returned by API, default value is 50 and max value is 100. This can be changed on Amplitude Recommendation page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Amplitude recommends returning 50 items per request. The maximum allowable is 100 items. Update this value on the Amplitude Recommendation page.
```
